line-up app basic concept
	customers can go in-store or online to get in line
		lining up
			in-store
				scan a qr code either printed or displayed on ipad etc. in-store
			online
				go to the store's line-up page and click to lineup
		before being put into a line
			depending on the business they might require some personal information for preparation purposes
			they might have a last-call, or max number of people per day etc, or if they run out of ingredients they may need to just close early etc. these settings could prevent people from lining up
	once in line
		they can see how many people are ahead of them, an estimation of how much time before they're up etc.
		they'll get notifications if they opt in, to be told 5 min before, or when its their turn etc.


functions
	server
		AI
			predict how much time before a person will be up in line
				including considering how some people exit the line / cancel last minute, typical timing for each appointment etc.
			optimizing ordering appointments made before-hand and walk-ins
	admin app for store staff to use
		output a qr code for use-instore
		set pre-lineup customer requirements
			settings for personal information required before allowing lining up, or to allow lining up at all (eg. if a person has never been to this hospital before they have to fill out more stuff. if the person doesn't have an insurance card then they aren't allowed to line up at all etc.)
		set time limit / spot limit etc.
			settings for preventing people from lining up for other reasons such as the store is closing soon or they are out of spots etc.
	user app for customers to use
		lining up
			going to a link or scanning a qr code brings them to the lineup page of the business
			input required information pre-lineup
			choose time/day you want to lineup for
				use walk-in/appointment optimization
					thoughts: take desired appointment time - estimated lineup time, put them in line at that time, if line goes faster insert a walk-in if time estimation permits. if line goes slower take out a walk-in unless that opens up too much time then they wait.
		once lined up
			get number of people ahead of you
			get estimated time left
			set notification preferences
			get notifications
